Fix unhandled exception when viz is run with undefined parameters (#1231)
kedro-org/kedro-viz: RELEASE.md

## Bug fixes and other changes

- Visual fixes for metrics plots in experiment tracking. (#1229)

> - Fix bug causing user to be unable to start Kedro-Viz if undefined parameters are used. (#1231)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix bug that prevented Kedro-Viz from loading when a project contains undefined parameters. (#1231)
```

Reviewer 2: `contains` to `contained` to be past-tense consistent?

Author: Changed in [cf96f46](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro-viz/pull/1231/commits/cf96f463092a0279b45e1e56d247576937416d1f).
